qol(routing): warn when api route method doesn't match the casing of an export (#9497)
withastro/astro: .changeset/tidy-dogs-remain.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Adds helpful message for when the API Route export is not uppercase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a helpful warning message for when an exported API Route is not uppercase.
```
Possible rewording for the changeset, I hope it helps :)

Author: Much better, thanks!
